Fix kubelet-config file name (#43231)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-reconfigure.md

#### Persisting kubelet reconfiguration

Any changes to the `KubeletConfiguration` stored in `/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml` will be overwritten on
`kubeadm upgrade` by downloading the contents of the cluster wide `kubelet-config` ConfigMap.

> To persist kubelet node specific configuration either the file `/var/lib/kubelet/configyaml`

Reviewer: Minor correction needed.
```suggestion
To persist kubelet node specific configuration either the file `/var/lib/kubelet/config.yaml`
```
